>> Scott: Could you do a mutation
that doesn't return anything?
[INAUDIBLE] that doesn't [INAUDIBLE]
>> Speaker 2: So
the story of mutations in
the GraphQL community and
what their supposed return
is nobody has a standard.
Queries, yeah, you need to return
whatever was requested, but
a mutation is kind up to your app.
So if you're making a to do app, and you
have mutation where you delete a to do,
what does your app need back in order for
it to resolve its UI?
So if it all it needs back is an ID,
then you return an ID.
But if it needs back the whole to do,
does it need back, whatever?
So it's kind of up to you on a mutation.
So, yeah, if you don't wanna return
something, you don't really have to,
but it really depends on what you're
doing with your application, yeah.
>> Scott: Can you do multiple
mutations in a request?
>> Speaker 2: Yes you can.
There's different ways to do
multiple anything in GraphQL.
So there's batching, where you actually
do multiple queries and/or mutations in
one HTTP request, so that's batching.
And then you have the ability
to do multiple mutations or
multiple queries in one single operation.
Then you can take those and
you can batch those, right?
So, [LAUGH] it can get pretty complicated,
but yes, you could totally do that.
So if I wanted to do two queries here,
let's say helloWorld message, or yeah.
So say helloWorld, watch this,
what does it need?
Some type of thing here.
Right, so I can take this,
I can copy this, and
I can do it again, and I can do it again,
and I can do it again.
But what you really wanna do
is you wanna alias this stuff.
So you'll say like one,
two,
>> Speaker 2: Three.
So these are aliases for these queries,
cuz it's gonna spit back an object,
and they are gonna have the same key of
helloWorld, so it's just not gonna work.
So you've gotta alias them differently, so
that they actually come back as like that.
So we've got helloWorld one, two, three.
So, yeah, and
you can do the same thing with mutations.
So if this was a mutation, yeah,
these could also be mutations too and
it's totally fine.
You just gotta do the same thing,
you've gotta A-list them.
But you couldn't mix multiple mutations
with multiple queries in one operation.
That's where batching would come in.
So you can batch mutations and
queries in one request, but
you couldn't do them in one query.
Does that make sense?
>> Scott: Yep.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
Yes?
>> Scott: Are there performance
implications when you do batching
versus multiple operations in query?
>> Speaker 2: Yep, and that's what
you're gonna learn today, how to fix.
But yeah, so batching is really cool for
the frontend.
That's more like, I wanna increase
performance on the frontend.
Less HTTP calls, right?
It's not so
much of a backend optimization,
because a backend is still gonna
perform all of those queries.
It doesn't matter.
And then when it comes down
to doing multiple queries or
mutations in one operation, again,
it's not really a performance.
What you're gonna learn today is
how to take advantage of that.
So if you were to get multiple ones,
or you were to get those that double
referenced each other in a circular way,
you're gonna learn how to take
advantage of that and be performing.
Otherwise, you will
have a performance hit,
because you'll be querying for the same
stuff over, and over, and over for
the same request, which depending on where
your data source is, could be detrimental.
If your data source is somewhere across
the world in some database for some
reason, and every single request somebody
is just drilling you with this stuff,
yeah, yeah, it could be pretty bad.
But luckily,
the way the resolvers work in GraphQL,
you can take advantage of
it in a really good way.